Create SECURITY.md (#2895)
cytoscape/cytoscape.js: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please report security issues to <email>. Thank you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please report security issues to maxkfranz@gmail.com. Thank you.
```
